chore: migration guide for v10 (#1419)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: docs/core/UPGRADE_NEW_VERSION.md

}
```

Once this is set up, you can run the version-harmonize before and after the migration using`yarn eslint **/package.json --fix`.

## Guide to update your Otter version

> Although the Otter team always tries to automate as much as possible the migration steps, there might be cases where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the Otter team always tries to automate the migration steps as much as possible , there may be cases where automation does not work.
```

```

Once this is set up, you can run the version-harmonize before and after the migration using `yarn eslint **/package.json --fix`.

## Guide to update your Otter version

> While the Otter team always try to automate as much as possible the migration steps, there might be cases where the automation might cause more issues than it would solve.
> 
> For those specific cases, you can refer to the dedicated [migration guide](https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/tree/main/migrations).

Reviewer 2: This sounds a bit scary
```suggestion
While the Otter team always try to automate as much as possible the migration steps, there might be cases where the automation may not support the specificities of your project.

You can always refer to the dedicated [migration guide](https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/tree/main/migrations) of each version to see the list of changes that needs to be applied.
```
?
